Add mutations for (un)publish multiple pages (#3954)
mirumee/saleor: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
- Refactor error handling in mutations #3891 by @maarcingebala @akjanik
- Use only_fields instead of exclude_fields in gql api - #3940 by @michaljelonek

> - Add mutations for (un)publish multiple pages - #3954 by @akjanik

Reviewer: Maybe we could have a better looking sentence in the changelogs?
```suggestion
- Add mutations for publishing and unpublishing multiple pages - #3954 by @akjanik
```
